Subject:
Fall 2023 Graduation  * Final Reminder *
Content:
Dear students,
 
If you intend to graduate at the end of the Fall term, the deadline to apply in Minerva is December 4, 2023.  Instructions: https://www.mcgill.ca/graduation/applying.  After this deadline, you must contact your Faculty SAO if you wish to apply to graduate.
 
Fall 2023 Graduation Approval Deadlines:
Departmental submission of recommendation: Jan 26, 2024
Faculty approval deadline to approve degrees: Feb 9, 2024
Approval of degrees by Senate: Feb 14, 2024
View “Degree Granted” on Transcript: Feb 15, 2024
 
Not sure if you are meeting your CS program requirements? Email Liette Chin for a degree audit.  No degree audit will be issued without a student ID number.
To ensure there are no surprises, contact your Faculty Advisor to confirm that you are meeting the freshman program and other degree requirements.
COMP 202 exemption: if you are exempt, received AP/IB credits or COMP 202 is required for the freshman program, depending on your program, you may need to replace COMP 202 with additional CS complementary credits. Please contact your Faculty Advisor to confirm whether COMP 202 is required and notify Liette Chin (preferably prior to requesting a Degree Audit).
Transfer Credits: Verify that all Transfers Credits appear on your record (study away/exchange credits). Transfer Credits that do not appear on your Minerva record cannot be used to complete program or graduation requirements.  You will need to apply for next available term of graduation. 
Joint Programs: If you are in a Major/Honours Math/Stats and CS, CS and Biology or Joint Physics and CS program, please contact each department to ensure that you  have met all the requirements.
Arts CS Programs (Major/Minor Concentration):  No credit overlap is permitted. If in doubt, contact both program advisors.
Minor in Computer Science: Please make sure that you have completed and submitted a Minor Form to Prof. Christophe Dubach, for his approval. Note: You will not be recommended for graduation without a copy of a signed/approved Minor Form. If you have not yet submitted a minor form, please email Liette Chin to obtain the relevant Minor Form for your degree, and state what is your current degree and faculty. Please include your student ID number. Students taking the B.A. Computer Science or Software Engineering Major with a Supplementary Minor in Computer Science are NOT required to complete a Minor form.
Post-Graduation Work Permit (PGWP):  Note the School of Computer Science does NOT issue PGWP letters.  Please refer to: https://www.mcgill.ca/internationalstudents/work/post-graduation-work-permit/post-graduation-work-permit-cheat-sheet.
Use the Graduation Approval Query form in Minerva to track your approval process. It is made available to graduating students after classes have ended. You may view the query by logging in to Minerva, selecting the Student Menu, then the Student Records Menu and clicking on the Graduation Approval Query..  Note: The approval process may take some time. You should therefore check this often.
You will be contacted via your McGill account during the review period, only if problems arise. Please keep checking your McGill email during this period to avoid a delay in the review of your graduation.
 
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
 
Best,
 
Liette Chin

