Subject: [Governing Council] Engage with Governance: Information Sessions for 2024 Governing Council Elections
Content:
Dear Students,
 
The Governing Council is committed to help foster a culture of belonging and that increases our capacity to effectively address and serve the interests of our global community. The diverse perspectives, experiences and expertise of Governors are essential to strengthening the University’s academic mission. Governors are collectively and individually stewards of the University and are asked to contribute to decisions that affect current and future achievements.
 
The upcoming 2024 elections present a unique opportunity for you to participate in governance by becoming an elected member of the Governing Council and its associated bodies. The Office of the Governing Council is organizing a series of information sessions designed to raise awareness and encourage participation from all segments of the University's diverse constituencies.
 
Information Sessions on the 2024 Governing Council Elections will be held during the times below and will include:
 
an overview of governance at the University;
how to be nominated for a seat on Governing Council or its bodies;
the pathway from nomination, to campaigning, to voting and finally the results of an election; and
the next steps, should you be elected.
 
In the 2024 Governing Council Election, the following seats on Governing Council will be available:
 
Four (4) Full-time Undergraduate Seats
Two (2) Part-time Undergraduate Seats
Two (2) Graduate Student Seats
 
These are for a one-year term effective July 1, 2024.
 
St. George Campus
For Students
IN-PERSON SESSION: Tuesday, November 21, 2023, 1:30 p.m. – 3:00 p.m., in the Governing Council Chamber, 2nd Floor, Simcoe Hall.
VIRTUAL SESSION: Monday, November 20, 2023, 4:30 p.m. – 5:30 p.m. via Zoom (A link will be sent on the day of the info session to the email address provided in the RSVP form)
 
To attend any of the above sessions, please complete the RSVP form
 
For more information on governance, you may view this video:
U of T Governance: The Unicameral Model (approximately 11 minutes)
 
Thank you,
 
—
TIMOTHY HARLICK
Assistant Secretary of the Governing Council
Deputy Returning Officer, Elections

