Subject: RE: Letter of Collaboration for SDBOR R&D Collaboration Grant Program
Content:
Dear Dr. Qiao, It is with great enthusiasm and interest that we support
and collaborate on your SDBOR R&D Collaboration Grant Program proposal
titled "Center for Precision Agriculture Sensing Systems (C-PASS)". The
research that you propose is extremely timely and relevant to Raven
Industries. We believe that the proposed center has the potential to
significantly improve the efficiency of precision agriculture ; the
anticipated results will also support on-going R&D efforts for Raven
Industries. Our mission is "to help farmers feed the world". We do this
by providing world-class machine controls systems that accurately and
efficiently assist growers ' needs. The Collaboration Grant on C-PASS
among Raven Industries, South Dakota State University (SDSU), South
Dakota School of Mines & Technology (SDSMT) and the University of South
Dakota (USD) will allow us to make substantive progress in the precision
agriculture industry with mutual interest. We understand the importance
and agricultural impact of this collaborative effort. This project will
help contribute to agronomic management decisions that can not only have
a positive impact on yields (helping farmers feed the world), but also
allowing for more efficient use of chemicals and machinery. Raven is
willing to be an industry partner for this collaborative project. Areas
in which Raven may be involved are prototype support, testing of sensor
probes, wireless networks and systems, and new remote sensing
technologies. Once the proposed critical elements of the project are
successfully demonstrated, Raven will be interested in further
collaboration with university technology transfer offices about possible
licensing and commercialization opportunities. Currently, Raven and SDSU
have formed a Master Services Agreement. Raven is also interested in
continuing to support and collaborate with C-PASS. We will research and
investigate other joint proposal opportunities with C-PASS along with
involvement from other agencies including Small Business Innovation
Research (SBIR), Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) Programs, NSF
Partnerships for Innovation, and NSF Industry-University Cooperative
Research Centers (1/ UCRC). I look forward to collaborating with you and
your team on all phases of your proposed research in precision
agriculture. I expect that our collaboration may include discussions,
site visits, student internships, joint proposals and license
agreements. I hope this project will lead to a successful long-term
partnership between Raven and C-PASS. I wish you success in this SDBOR
grant submission.

Shane Swedlu

Engineering Manager BDC

Raven Industries -Applied Technology

605.212.6800 I shane.swedlund@ravenind.com
